Well Well
Hello, I'm a rookie cook consultant, Kim Shin.
Today I do not put in oil, simple, simple,
I'll make it with a pot.
won
now 2
I want you to cut the onion into chunks.
4 I will also rebuild the rebels.
Mushroom
Utah Lime Mushrooms 100 Corrosion So please tear it like this
It is cold water for the time being, and it is separated by about 30 minutes in the summer.
You can use
I 'll try the beef sauce that goes into the soup.
1 tablespoon soy sauce 2 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon chopped parsley 1 tablespoon
Garlic 1 jusiguyo put teaspoon degree seeds
Please cool after
Please put the mountain path .
You can mix the beef.
The rap of the cruise lets you push the grape sie at once inside .
You knew Lanka first.
Nami-soaking
Please put up mushrooms and shiitake mushrooms .
I want you to come up to the side that is called in cold water for an hour.
I love bulgogi
Can I please put up course
So I'll cover the lid for five minutes.
You have five minutes on medium fire.
When you open the lid, you can see the face and the vegetables .
You see Apaprika first.
1 tablespoon sauce 1 cup soy sauce
Put only the leek 5
For complete it should be coming
woo woo woo